---
slug: '/'
sidebar_label: 'Asysco AMT Connector'
---

# Asysco AMT Connector

The Asysco LION environment includes a basic scheduler that is used to schedule batch runs. The information is defined and driven from within the Asysco environment. 

The SMA OpCon Asysco AMT Connector is a joint development between SMA and Asysco and has been designed to provide a tight connection between the SMA OpCon environment and the Asysco LION environment allowing OpCon to manage the scheduling of the batch processes.

The implementation includes a connector that communicates with the new AmtOpCon interface, a RESTful Web Services implementation jointly designed and developed by SMA and Asysco, allowing OpCon to communicate directly with the AMT database. 

All job definitions are defined in the AMT environment and performed by the AMT Batch Scheduler. OpCon is therefore scheduling predefined jobs and scripts.
The OpCon AMT Connector inserts the job execution definitions into the database and adds an entry on the AMT Batch Scheduler queue. 
The OpCon AMT Connector then monitors the status of the job that is being executed by the AMT Batch Scheduler. 
Once the job is completed, the OpCon AMT Connector retrieves the job log information making it available via JORS. 

## AMTOpCon Interface
The AMTOpCon Interface is a restful Web Services implementation that provides the functions allowing OpCon to interact directly with the AMT Batch environment. 
The interface includes the following functions:

- **OpConJobAction**	Function to Start, Stop or Kill an AMT Batch task. During the Start it it is possible to pass parameters and TaskValues defined within OpCon to the AMT environment.
- **MonitorJob**		Function to monitor the status of a started job.
- **GetMessages**		Function to retrieve the messages associated with the job. As a job processes any messages generated by the job are written to the database. When the job completes the messages are retrieved and added to the OpCon job log making the information available via JORS. 


---